Hello!

Thank you for your purchase of Ultimate Aura Pro!
This plugin is new, and I understand more features could be implemented.
I'm always open to suggestions, so please feel free to send them to my SpigotMC account.

Quick summary of the plugin:
This plugin allows players to have "auras," which can add potion effects to the player or others around the player
Create an aura in auras.yml, and players with the proper permission can use it with the "/aura" command.

If you are having a hard time understanding the config, please do send me a message as well.

Permissions
uap.admin - Access to everything
uap.aura.<name> - Access to an aura specified in auras.yml, accessible via /aura <name>

Commands:
/aura - Lists the auras that the user has access to
/aura <aura-name> - Use an aura defined in auras.yml
/aura admin - View a list of admin commands

FAQ (predictably?):
Q: Some potion effects aren't working on certain mobs
A: Some mobs are immune to certain potion effects. Like using HARM on zombies (you'd want to use HEAL).
    Do check on Google if this may apply to you

Q: Where can I find hex codes for colors?
A: https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/ , or Google

Q: Where can I get a list of aura effects?
A: https://i.gyazo.com/a2410d6997f29c7ce2b2df3a64d327a3.png

Q: How do I use the aura wand?
A: Get an aura wand via "/aura admin wand", and right click targets. Admins may need to find a way to distribute them.
    If it helps, admins/console can type "/aura admin wand <player-name>" too, to hand them out. Wands will only work
    with auras that have their effects target set to 'wand' or 'wand-self' as well.

Q: More details on async?
A: Async is really used for the aura appearances, as there's quite a bit of math involved. A lot of the heavy math is
    computed once the plugin loads. Periodically determining the location of the aura design can require a lot of math
    though, especially if rotation is involved. Pretty much all of this math is done through async w/ multiple threads
    along with the actual particle spawning itself, so all of this is running as a "background" process while your
    server continues to operate normally.

Q: Can players see all the auras using /aura?
A: Players can only see the auras that they have access to


auras.yml help:

Available Rotation Effects (under appearance)
    none   - aura will not rotate at all. Minimal CPU usage & calculations
    yaw    - aura will rotate to the direction of the player every repeat. Slight CPU usage due to increased calculations
    slow   - aura will rotate slightly every repeat. Slight CPU usage due to increased calculations
    always - aura will constantly rotate to match the player's yaw. This is good for particles that grow. Many more calculations.

    Calculations are made to determine where a particle will spawn. Many of the calculations are optimized,
    and are async, so the player will be less likely be susceptible to server lag caused by them.

Available Aura Effect Targets (under aura-effects)
    none        - Effects are given to nobody (so disabled, and radius is ignored)
    self        - Effects are given only to the aura user
    wand        - Effects are given to selected entities within radius through the Aura Wand item (/aura wand)
    wand-self   - Wand + Self combined
    all         - Effects are given to everyone within radius
    others      - Effects are given to everyone within radius, minus the aura user
    hostile     - Effects are given to hostile mobs within radius only
    non-hostile - Effects are given to everyone within radius except hostile mobs


location-auras.yml help:
Basically, you can make it so an aura created in auras.yml appears in nature, and so it's not attached to a player.
These auras are called "location auras"
To do this, use the "/aura admin ladd <id> <aura-name>" command.
    <id> = id of the location aura. useful in case you want to delete a location aura using "/aura admin ldelete"
    <aura-name> = name of aura defined in auras.yml
Also, effects are given to EVERYONE within the effect radius, unless the effect target is "hostile"
(which will selectively target hostile entities only) or "none".


SOME TIPS FOR NERDS (if you're bored):
+ auras.yml -> aura -> appearance -> growth settings:

    Let's talk about the "seconds-between-particles" property.. 100 FPS is considered smooth by many people.
    So if you set this to 0.01 seconds (100 fps), every frame should ideally see new particles being created.
    I recommend 0.01 being the minimum. If you want more particles being spawned, just increase
    "num-particles-at-a-time." Having a really high "num-particles-at-a-time" is cheaper in CPU usage
    compared to a really low "seconds-between-particles." "num-particles-at-a-time" is essentially a buffer.

    The lowest possible is 0.005 seconds, so 200FPS.